( POUNDING )
( Rapping )
YO, IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY
I GOT YOU A PRESENT
I GIVE THE BEST PRESENTS
DUDE, HOW MANY TIMES
DO I HAVE TO TELL YOU?
YOU CAN'T RHYME "PRESENT"
WITH "PRESENTS."
YEAH. THAT'S JUST
CARELESS RAPPING.
PSSH!
WHATEVER, MAN.
YOUR BIRTHDAY PRESENT
IS SO GREAT!
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW!
( CHUCKLES ) YEAH.
I'M SURE, MAN. THANKS.
DON'T THANK ME YET.
THANK ME LATER TONIGHT
WHEN YOU OPEN IT AND LOVE IT,
WHICH I KNOW YOU WILL.
I GOT TO USE IT.
OH, YEAH!
PERFECT HIDING PLACE
FOR A PERFECT GIFT!
MORDECAI'S GONNA LOVE IT.
I GIVE THE BEST BIRTHDAY GIFTS.
Mordecai: ( Muffled )
MAN, I HATE TO SAY IT,
BUT RIGBY GIVES
THE WORST BIRTHDAY GIFTS.
HUH?
REALLY? IT SOUNDED LIKE
HE GOT YOU SOMETHING
REALLY GOOD THIS TIME.
NAH. HE NEVER PUTS
ANY THOUGHT INTO THEM.
AND IF HE DOES, THEY'RE USUALLY
JUST GIFTS HE GETS FOR HIMSELF.
IT'S COOL, THOUGH.
I'VE GOTTEN USED TO IT.
( Rapping )
YO, IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY
I GOT YOU A PRESENT
( Muffled )
YO, IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY
I GIVE THE BEST PRESENTS
I GOT YOU A PRESENT
YO, IT'S YOUR BIRTHDAY
I GIVE THE BEST PRESENTS
MY PRESENTS AREN'T THAT BAD,
ARE THEY?
OH, NO. I GOT TO GET HIM
SOMETHING BETTER.
WHAT TO GET MORDECAI?
MORDECAI.
MOR...DE...CAI...
GIFT FOR MORDECAI.
MORDECAI FOR GIFT.
HMM.
HMMMMM.
UGH.
( SIGHS )
UGGGGHHH!
THAT'S IT!
MORDECAI LIKES THINGS I LIKE.
I LIKE VIDEO GAMES.
AND MORDECAI LIKES VIDEO GAMES.
I'LL GET MORDECAI A VIDEO GAME.
WHOA!
"VIOLENT FIST 2: FIST FIRST!"
THE NEW GAME FROM TENDINDO!
SOLD!
WHAT?! 60 BUCKS?!
HEY, DO YOU GUYS HAVE
ANYTHING CHEAPER?
I GUESS
YOU'RE NOT INTO QUALITY.
FEEL FREE TO RIFLE THROUGH
THE DISCOUNT BIN LIKE A PEASANT.
UGH!
( MUTTERS )
THESE GAMES ARE LAME!
DOG–CART RACING FOR $49?!
I CAN'T AFFORD ANY OF THESE.
WELL, I GUESS OUR INTERACTION
IS DONE THEN.
( SLURPS )
HEY, RIGBY.
WHAT'S GOT YOU DOWN?
I WAS TRYING TO FIND MORDECAI
A NEW BIRTHDAY GIFT,
BUT I THINK I MIGHT HAVE TO
GIVE HIM THIS ONE.
YOU KNOW YOU CAN'T GIVE HIM
THAT, RIGHT?
UGH!
I REALLY WANT TO GET HIM
A VIDEO GAME,
BUT THEY'RE JUST
TOO EXPENSIVE!
THEN WHY DON'T YOU JUST MAKE
A VIDEO GAME?
ALLOW ME
TO INTRODUCE MYSELF.
I AM ZAX–– OOP.
UH, I AM ZAXON!
WHAT IF I TOLD
YOU CAN MAKE YOUR VERY OWN
INTERACTIVE WORLD
WITH YOUR MIND?
OBSERVE!
ZAXO–O–O–O–N!
OH, HELLO.
I DIDN'T SEE YOU THERE.
But I felt your presence.
I'M HERE TO SHOW YOU
AN EXCITING NEW PROGRAM
THAT I HAVE DEVELOPED.
IT'S CALLED ZIPGIDZ!
ZIPGIDZ ––
ZAXON'S INTELLIGENT
PLAYER TO GAME
INTERFACE DESIGN BY ZAXON.
I FIRST DEVELOPED THE PROGRAM
WHILE WORKING AT TENDINDO GAMES,
THE TOP COMPANY LEADING THE WAY
IN A VIDEO–GAME RENAISSANCE.
YOU GUYS,
I GOT A GREAT IDEA!
WHAT IF THERE WAS
A PROGRAM
WHERE YOU COULD MAKE
YOUR OWN VIDEO GAME?
WHAT?!
YOU'RE JUST A JANITOR.
YOU CAN'T MAKE VIDEO GAMES.
( LAUGHTER )
ANYBODY CAN MAKE
A VIDEO GAME!
I'LL SHOW YOU!
I'LL SHOW ALL OF YOU!
AND I DID SHOW THEM.
SURE, ANY HOTSHOT "PROGRAMMER"
CAN MAKE A VIDEO GAME,
BUT WITH
MY EASY–TO–USE SOFTWARE,
ANY SO–AND–SO
WITH A FREE AFTERNOON
CAN MAKE ONE OF THEIR OWN,
EVEN YOU!
EVEN ME?
YES, YOU!
WITH MY HIGH–TECH,
FUTURISTIC EQUIPMENT,
THE ELECTRODES IN YOUR CEREBRAL
IMAGINATION CORTEX
CAN FORMULATE
YOUR OWN VIRTUAL WORLD.
SO, SIT BACK
AND LET YOUR MIND DO THE WORK.
( SLURPS )
( SIGHS )
THAT VIDEO WAS UNINFORMATIVE
AND POORLY PRODUCED.
THERE'S NO WAY
ANYONE WOULD FALL FOR THAT.
( ENGINE TURNS OVER )
( CHUCKLES )
( HORN BEEPS )
EXCEPT MY BOYFRIEND.
WHOA!
YOU MADE ALL OF THESE?
ARE YOU A WIZARD?
OF SORTS.
BUT I KNOW NO TRICKS,
ONLY TRUTH.
AND THE TRUTH OF THE MATTER
IS YOU PROMISED
YOU'D GIVE YOUR FRIEND
AN AMAZING BIRTHDAY GIFT
TONIGHT,
SO LET'S GET TO IT!
ALL RIGHT. SO, I JUST THINK UP
A GAME AND THAT'S IT?
YES,
BUT FIRST WE MUST RUN
VERY INTENSE PHYSICAL
AND MENTAL TESTS.
AW, WHAT?!
LET THE INTENSE
TRAINING MONTAGE BEGIN!
( BEEPS )
THE RESULTS ARE IN.
THE PHYSICAL PORTION OF YOUR
TEST WAS MOST IMPRESSIVE.
IN FACT,
IT WAS OFF THE CHARTS.
YES!
THE I.Q. PORTION
IS OFF THE CHARTS AS WELL,
BUT IN A BAD WAY.
LIKE,
LITERALLY IT'S SO LOW
THAT IT'S NOT EVEN
ON THE CHARTS.
I THINK
I'VE EATEN WALNUTS
WITH A HIGHER INTELLECT
THAN YOURS.
WHAT?! DOES THAT MEAN
I CAN'T MAKE A VIDEO GAME?
NO. DON'T YOU REMEMBER
MY PROMOTIONAL VHS?
ANYBODY CAN MAKE
A VIDEO GAME.
TIME TO PUT ON A REALLY COOL
HELMET THAT I INVENTED MYSELF!
THESE HELMETS WILL VIRTUALLY
TRANSPORT US INTO YOUR HEAD.
ONCE WE'RE IN, YOU CAN MAKE
THE GAME WITH YOUR MIND.
HOWEVER,
BECAUSE OF YOUR LOW I.Q.,
THERE WILL BE BUGS
IN THE SYSTEM.
–BUGS?
–BUT FEAR NOT.
WHEN THE TIME COMES,
I WILL HELP YOU FACE THEM.
BY THE WAY,
THESE HELMETS COULD KILL US.
WAIT, WHAT?
UGH, UH, AAAAH!
WHOA!
SO THIS IS
WHAT MY MIND LOOKS LIKE.
YES, BUT THINK ABOUT WHAT
YOU WANT THE GAME TO BE.
UH...I WANT IT TO BE
AT THE PARK, I GUESS.
WHOA!
NOW I WANT MORDECAI
AND SKIPS TO BE IN IT.
AND THEY'VE GOT
A BIRTHDAY CAKE!
( BEEPS )
HEY, DUDE!
( Garbled ) COME UP
AND EAT SOME BIRTHDAY CAAAAKE!
NOW ADD
SOME OBSTACLES.
OH, YOU MEAN LIKE JUMPS
AND HOLES AND STUFF?
AAH!
NO, NO, NO!
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT!
( RUMBLING )
AW, MAN!
"AW, MAN" IS RIGHT!
NOW ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS GET TO THE CAKE AT THE END
AND THE VIDEO GAME
WILL BE MADE.
JUST REMEMBER
YOUR TRAINING.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S DO THIS.
AAAH! THE BUGS! RUN!
AAAH!
WHY ARE THERE SO MANY?!
ACTUALLY, BASED ON YOUR
LOW I.Q., I WAS EXPECTING MORE.
QUICK! UP HERE!
( BOTH GRUNTING )
( BOTH PANTING )
( BOTH GRUNT )
WE'RE ALMOST THERE!
( SCREAMS )
GO. I'LL HOLD THEM OFF.
NO!
I CAN'T JUST LEAVE YOU.
YOUR FRIEND ONLY HAS A BIRTHDAY
ONCE A YEAR.
FINISH THE GAME SO YOU CAN
GIVE HIM THE BEST GIFT EVER!
HAH! AAH!
OH, AND RIGBY, PROVE TO THEM
THAT ANYONE CAN MAKE
A VIDEO GAME, EVEN YOU!
ZAXON!
AAH!
RIGBY IS MY FRIEND!
I AM SKIPS,
AND I HAVE ALL THE ANSWERS!
( GRUNTING )
AAH!
NO!
( SCREAMS )
REMEMBER YOUR TRAINING.
NOT THIS YEAR.
Man: YOU WIN!
HAVE SOME CAKE, BEST FRIEND!
OH, YEAH! PIECE OF CAKE!
AW, MAN.
ZAXON!
YOU FOUGHT WELL,
OLD FRIEND.
( GASPS )
I'M NOT REALLY DEAD,
JUST "VIDEO GAME" DEAD.
( BEEPING )
GAME COMPLETE.
MAN, I GIVE THE BEST GIFTS.
( DOOR OPENS, CLOSES )
MORDECAI!
DUDE,
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?
YOU WENT TO THE BATHROOM
YESTERDAY AND NEVER CAME BACK.
YOU MISSED MY BIRTHDAY!
LOOK, MORDECAI, I KNOW MY GIFTS
HAVE ALWAYS BEEN LAME,
BUT I REALLY TRIED
THIS TIME.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MAN
A VIDEO GAME?
MADE BY YOURS TRULY!
WHAT?!
NO WAY.
YOU DIDN'T MAKE THIS.
NO, BUT MY MIND DID.
( BEEPING )
CAKE QUEST!
WHOA!
THAT WAS AWFUL!
YOU REALLY DID MAKE THIS,
HUH?
YEP.
THIS IS THE BEST GIFT
YOU'VE EVER GIVEN ME.